initial eslint integration and ruleset config (#664)
MbinOrg/mbin: CONTRIBUTING.md

Then run the following command trying to auto-fix the issues: `./tools/vendor/bin/php-cs-fixer fix`

> For JavaScript code inside `assets/` directory, we provided ESLint setup and configuration for linting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For JavaScript code inside the `assets/` directory, we use an ESLint setup and configuration for linting.
```

Author: applied the first one, the second change make it feel weird so I ended up rewording the entire half
